---
layout: page
title: Data Privacy Policy
permalink: /PrivacyPolicy/
ref: PrivacyPolicy
lang: en
fmenu: 20
---

Our website  may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to  certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below. We  collect personal information from you (e.g. name, address, email address,  telephone number, etc.) in accordance with the provisions of German data  protection statutes. Information is considered personal if it can be associated  exclusively to a specific natural person. The legal framework for data  protection may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the  Telemedia Act (TMG). The provisions below serve to provide information as to  the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal  information by the provider.

Seidel, Michael  
Grundstr. 6  
73262 Reichenbach / Fils  
Telephone: +64 027 449 8208  
E-Mail: [info@seidel-michael.de](mailto:info@seidel-michael.de)   

Please be  aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and,  therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data  cannot be ensured.

Server Data
===========
For  technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser  transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is  collected: 
      
- type and version of the browser you use 
- operating system 
- websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL) 
- websites that you visit 
- date and time of your visit 
- your Internet Protocol (IP) address. 

This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may  have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular  person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our  website and services.

Use of the web analysis service PIWIK
=====================================
Our website  uses the web analysis service PIWIK. To carry out this analysis, PIWIK uses cookies.  Cookies are small text files that are stored to your computer and provide  analysis of your use of the site. 
The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency  of your visits to our site, including your IP address, are transmitted to our  PIWIK server and stored there. As part of this process, you IP address is  immediately anonymized so that you as user remain anonymous to us.<strong> </strong>The  information generated by the cookie about your use of this site is not  transferred to third parties.<strong> </strong>You can prevent cookies from being  installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You  should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use  of all the functions of our website.

Should you be unwilling to have this data about your use of the site stored and  analyzed, you may at any time subsequently withdraw your consent to it being  stored and used with a click of the mouse. A so-called opt-out cookie is then  placed on your browser, and as a result Piwik will no longer collect any data  on your visits.&nbsp;Please be aware that, should you delete cookies from your  browser settings, the opt-out cookie from PIWIK may also be deleted and will  need to be reactivated.

<iframe frameborder="no" width="600px" height="200px" src="http://piwik.seidel-michael.de/index.php?module=CoreAdminHome&action=optOut&language=en"></iframe>

Information/Cancellation/Deletion
=================================

On the basis  of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have  questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal  information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the  same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent. Please note that you  have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data  deleted, where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this  data.


[Sample Data Privacy Policy Statement](https://www.ratgeberrecht.eu/leistungen/muster-datenschutzerklaerung.html) provided by the [Law Offices of Weiß &amp; Partner](https://www.ratgeberrecht.eu/)



